I. True/False

1. T
2. F. Main CPU must be able to read/write data files without encryption
3. T. This is the complete-unless-open data protection level
4. F. Keys never leave enclave.
5. T.
6. F. Permissions are checked by Reference Monitor
7. F. Android runs every app under different UID
8. F. Sharing between apps is *only* done through intent messages.
9.  F. End user permission tickets are used by storage services to obtain other keys (like file encryption keys) from central key management service, but the end-user tickets are short-lived.
10. F. Clients never contact RPC services, only the GFE.
11. T. Google enforces code review.
12. F. Not a guarantee

II. U2F

4. In the U2F design, all the computation related to receiving and signing challenges (e.g. at step B, and C) using the K_private key are done entirely on the U2F device. The computer that it is connected to can only see results of these operations, and cannot look into the device directly to expose the K_private key.

5. One possible attack is a TLS Man-in-the-Middle Attack, where an attacker intercepts a challenge as it is being sent from server to the user's browser. They then forwards it to the user and get the result back, then uses the signed challenge to open their own connection with "bank.com" as the user. By including the origin info, the user U2F device will be able to detect that this challenge is not coming from the bank directly, and can refuse to respond. Also, the server will be able to detect that the TLS channel id the challenge was sent is differs with the TLS channel id that it gets the signed result back, which invalidates the attack.

III. Baggy Bounds

6. (WRONG) Baggy bounds align all data types into slots of slot_size bytes (here it is 32). Thus we have `(512*1024+1) / 32 = 16,384.03125`, and with padding, yields 16,385 slots.

The allocation is rounded up to next power of 2, which is 1024*1024 bytes (1 MB). Since each slot is 32 bytes of memory, the allocation covers 1024^2 / 32 = 32,768 slots.

7. (NO ANSWER) 

Recall that baggy bounds will set a pointer MSB to 1 if it is out-of-bounds. Here `0xFFF17424` has binary value of `11111111111100...`, so it is already marked out-of-bounds. The last valid address must be `0x7FF17424`. In addition, baggy bounds pad *and* align objects to powers of two, and that any detectable OOB pointers has to be within slot_size/2 bytes from the original object. Here `0x7FF17424 % 32 = 4`, which is less than slot_size/2 (16 bytes), which puts it in the lower half of the OOB region. Thus it extends past the object by 4 bytes. Putting this together, we say that the base of the object is `0x7FF17420`.

Also one important thing to note here is that we know the address is 32-bit aligned instead of 64 because `0x7FF17424 % 64 = 36` which is greater than slot_size/2.

IV. Native Client

8. (SKIPPED b/c not relevant)

V. Komodo Enclaves

9. (SKIPPED b/c not relevant)

VI. EXE

1.  First error is out-of-bounds memory reference error that occurs at line 10, which occurs if set symbolicN to some integer >= 11 (ex. 11). Additionally, if we make symbolicN to some integer <= 0 (ex. 0), then there is a divide by zero error that will be detected at line 12.

**Note to self:** Be careful about bounds!

VII. Lab 1

11. The rbp which is popped at end of the http_request_headers function is located at location A, since it is 8 bytes before the anticipated return address location for that function. Similarly, the return address is at location B on the stack.

VIII. Lab 2

12. /zoobar/post-server.py
    fwrule = -s dynamic -j ACCEPT
    fwrule = -s bank -j ACCEPT
    fwrule = -j REJECT

    Ben will also need to add an allow/ accept rule for both dynamic and bank to take in responses from the "post" container (e.g. 'fwrule = -s post -j ACCEPT')

13. Similar to rpc_like_post, we'll need to add a token field that rpc_make_post will take in as part of its RPC request. Within the function we will then add an RPC request using auth_client to verify that the token is indeed trustworthy. Within zook.conf we'll need to add a firewall rule for "auth" container to accept requests from "post" (e.g. fwrule = -s post -j ACCEPT)) and a firewall rule in "post" to accept responses from "auth"  (e.g. fwrule = -s auth -j ACCEPT).

**Note to self:** Be sure to spell out the actual rules that need to be added to zook.conf and not just high-level description

